## Lab Questions And Response

**1. What is the average speed (Spd) of all Digimon?**

The method that I designed for this question, averageSpeedOfDigimon(), returned 120.40160642570281. An iterable value is created in this method, which iterates through each line in the csv file. A digimon counter is initialized, that counts up by 1 from 0 as each line is iterated through. A sum is also calculated as well, adding together the speeds of each digimon with each line iteration. Finally, the method divides the total sum of the digimon speed values by the total value of the digimon counter, which yields the average speed. 

**2. Write a function that can count the number of Digimon with a specific attribute. For example, count_digimon("Type", "Vaccine") would return 70.**

My designed method sets a counter for each type of digimon. Inherently, each type's counter begins at 0. As the iterable value iterates through each line of the csv file, each digimon type is separated into their divisions. For example, if the characteristic for a digimon was already encountered, it is added to that division's existing count. 

**3. The Digimon on your team are restricted by the total amount of Memory that they need. If your team only has 15 Memory, name a team of up to 3 Digimon that has at least 300 attack (Atk) in total.**

My method returns an amalgam of labeled values that includes: {'Attack Level': 324, 'Total Memory': 9, 'Number of Digimon on Team': 3, 'Teammate #1': {'Digimon': 'Koromon', 'ID': '6', 'Attack Power': 109, 'Memory': 3}, 'Teammate #2': {'Digimon': 'Tsunomon', 'ID': '8', 'Attack Power': 107, 'Memory': 3}, 'Teammate #3': {'Digimon': 'Tsumemon', 'ID': '9', 'Attack Power': 108, 'Memory': 3}}. Yet, my code is formatted in a way that creates an error loop or something of a sort, resulting in many empty bracket values and other empty labelled variables. So my method yields more of a result than it should, and includes some of the answers in incorrect locations.

**Resources**

I worked with Jack so he could help with some of my errors as he had finished before me. I also used some stack overflow forum posts to aid me in learning markdown. 

**What Worked In My Process?**

What I found to be one of the most integral parts of my process, was the utilization of visual tables. For my sortDigimonByTrait() method, I used a visual table, in order to gain a clear idea of how I wanted to structure the sorting of digimon into numerical divisions.

**What Didn't Work? and What Could I Improve?**

My response for this directly applies to both questions. When I approached each method, I tried to hard code it without brainstorming through the utilization of pseudocode. Thus, there were times where I would just be stuck, thinking in circles. For my next lab, I would want to improve upon my current process by approaching method development by first thinking with pseudocode (to develop a full understanding of the initial structure). 

**What Did I Learn?**

I learned the importance of designing methods/functions for general use. Instead of coding for a specific application, (which was my usual approach), the convenience of coding for a broader array of scenarios and applications has become more appealing. Furthermore, I've learned more about the ins and outs of effectively integrating documentation from forums such as Stack Overflow into my code.
